0x02-functions_nested_loops/README.md, before:

1-Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
**Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
##Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
#Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
#Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
#Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
##Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
#Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
*Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
**Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
#Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
#Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
#Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
##Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
#. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89.

Commit message:

Wrote a program that can steal a pen

0x02-functions_nested_loops/README.md, after:

1-Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
**Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
##Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
#Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
#Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
#Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
##Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
#Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
*Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
**Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
#Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
#Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
#Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
##Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
#. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89.
#Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
